this is strictly in 60 seconds your
bite-size guide to Britain's favorite
dancing contest this week or strictly
couples took to the dance floor for a
second time performing either sexy salsa
your energy bar wild
it's just really at watching you you'd
lie up the road or a fanciful Foxtrot
and you'd be top of the leaderboard two
weeks running I think so the 14 couples
were desperately trying not to be the
first ones out using any way they could
to charm those infamous judges everyone
gave it their all but for one couple it
was the end of the line one down 13
couples remain with the competition now
in full swing make sure you don't miss
any of the action by keeping it right
here at bbc.com dot uk' forward slash
strictly